# this should be complete list of OC collection CIDs

# Oekaki Maker JSON
bafybeigdjz4a6oij72vbk7wbeevkgjpllkwr3de7xv3gcrqgua5git4h3q
# Oekaki Maker Images
bafybeic5yxtsyokpmlkzqyxx7rtyvm7apmkm52byjh6fqu5wm45kpvelem

# Ghiblady Maker JSON
bafybeic5in4it4rsocajjvzn3zs5scsci4a7hhpbpd5fulqca42vqtjs2q
# Ghiblady Maker Images
bafybeigl2nqmwuxdjgoub5wscehkaaaesvac5q3dctsvulrx74p3ask7oq

# Strawberry Juice JSON
bafybeibwh6orlpo3dkkzr7ik3hxlc6j4gwuzecbzpkokdqihezxhn3moqq
# Strawberry Juice Images
bafybeicg5znv2gfhqm6jdkaf23upy4hyrg72as62vfmesulkpp5qwwblqm

# Merikuri JSON
bafybeicmg2uugvhsw36nsi3yft6ihdch2u3amqthh7t6xjrpcacmuokhsu
# Merikuri Images
bafybeicr2fsop5qdwavckkvamjtjhti2qflmu7buyeu3ocfvrkhuycp5ha

# Pixelady Maker JSON
bafybeigd7557iwardhnwg5kbmg2s7tmuxqkstjeoixu7wunooiywbb3jqq
# Pixelady Maker Images
bafybeih5mqafo34424swmfdboww3s2tvfmzoojbip4jmcjbg5n3fl7edee

# Pixelady Maker BC JSON
bafybeihx6j6b5eo6yazeodttuqhw76vqboeldmdzj5cerik324ulpbebdq
# Pixelady Maker BC Images
bafybeigymfb45i3nyidppkgq5wqkegyzzihbu4aw6kgrklx2ewpqjoxaqq

# Pixelady Maker WOTLK JSON
bafybeifxf2xnossezzaywoni3gf5dfyqotn36vdvhnjkvldgkavyc2kx2q
# Pixelady Maker WOTLK Images
bafybeifsrkbtn6lycerko4w7qos3kj7ez73nxsmh2tsr64po6fkxlq4cl4

# Pixelady Maker Radbro JSON
bafybeicxtgxb7c6lmemlynnlwc6lvcmnocvdhnskvl274cy5oooanv7t6y
# Pixelady Maker Radbro Images
bafybeiglgrxs35ubjbkj5cirvttyfqn6fqwylcqha2ktsd2hedsoholrhu

# Bored Pixelady Maker JSON
bafybeidlkydamvftaejhsqgv5aou6qnstvxfiydv5qamvhjtitaaso3fli
# Bored Pixelady Maker Images
bafybeifqkxzuaneuhem3s2kjesmx2rqvx2qmoikrngbnnw6dh5y3rkwlim

# Pemuto JSON
bafybeidthoyhvfcp53m6rnpmuctudt4lbgumqijfvlgd4xg5jv4aoyw4cq
# Pemuto Images
bafybeibl7o3ogaaco5vci6wd7wdjo2lkmitrqt4cfqylpbxxcgkxopsgta

# Hurt Hapas JSON
bafybeiaft4u3resqq34holc6g2aeosdqlgrys7ipdiktp5mmfgn76qk7iq
# Hurt Hapas Images
bafybeicy4u3yy54s5yfmzjq5byuvw3lvtwaivryt3ixihsurq5dgahc5ua

# Janklerz JSON
bafybeigo7d5z4m4bvd44z44fbcwvhy4357dq5yx3acnlshpmexbvqnchfy
# Janklerz Images
bafybeidhdrgftqozdpcc3buhh32lvvvxl4oft3vsxd7j2hmmyd6lmxqzaq

# Janklerz EX JSON
bafybeif4nazleotlb3hqstv2k6ktxsk2mbbopfogjrs2yfbwiehuamgfoa
# Janklerz EX Images
bafybeiezzg5b37ncafcg6tckcxzok5he6u4tvr5soc22rola2oggc4cvl4

# Molady Maker JSON
bafybeibqkyfajxfkajomrvmiqfhzzzt2m4zxufzpzntuhmuacslhycckua
# Molady Maker Images
bafybeif644srekwbozcovijh6dbaxk27tpfvscbckstnkvqvlrnaj355fa

# Kawamii Teens JSON
bafybeiayo6oxdo5bdvkw7qp4igrrccfdfdwe7ul7evdhkst53wv77evssm
# Kawamii Teens Images
bafybeiglprpu63sxp3mmypc6l2fqbttk7cglufxon26fin4xevuhthdazy

# 64 Creatures JSON
bafybeih6xu775rhmsfzw6amsxo7rjr3aniyqxbiprt3txk4cd3n65mcesy
# 64 Creatures Images
bafybeib2g4vx2enel4clhvqal4o7eaoduj5mzxza5ymm4x4vyzued47idy

# Nonon JSON
bafybeiao3lacmcpqd5nxnc37evrjnxoedut4yzwb55y24eg3dcz7leev34
# Nonon Images
bafybeifte5rpiywh4uxp25n4nhfqddf62s4kdkgposbfq7bik2oav6emua

# Super 2k online JSON
bafybeih5pq5uithcy7rakrnwuhyonscdvy5gqgklqpboz7iygafsc55xji
# Super 2k online Images
bafybeicw2tfjrfaz27u4n45jfbpvnkivuy5tmhluhbzvfi5wuw37isagyu

# Bisou Dolls JSON
bafybeih7f4f5dsr6hgchwq72vzlkxzmvbnto7bcekoj3vh5nhpzznokt6m
# Bisou Dolls Images
bafybeihlpeiabwh2cyrbep7bkr6n3jgw2mjrtle2cenma62fokuggqrtsi

# Bisou Bijouterie JSON
bafybeibm47mnhx5yvzwlxvoy2lblgw7usjxlvlzb2krlrjffdqhgqjonn4
# Bisou Bijouterie Images
bafybeihjknqsddb6qc3tpbrvqrw6dpqpqhmepx6jyi5ygfrdahdwdiiwp4

# Beetle Shinobi JSON
bafybeidjczvxlfdalexbyyzwmyojibxv5bbceqoq4mtp2rd75bzllwy5hu
# Beetle Shinobi Images
bafybeiculmylga5c5xq3fmxzlzabnmzftdmchd3hhoow6i5kvzmogfpgva


# Kemonokaki JSON
bafybeidzu77mfoxlxo65cusy5j47cwgg6fdzq4mw7g4kqerkzcrwapkc5m
# Kemonokaki Images
bafybeidxclt74frtmiuiisfquphn2qdukz2cg63cr7bwyblp3mfwr5gk6a








WARNING METADATA NOT PROPERLY FUNCTIONING PLEASE REVISE
# Pixelady Figmata JSON
bafybeigibcocisl3d4oirx5bivemr6iwtdnbswxbpd57zb4ekf64lch5dm
# Pixelady Figmata Images
bafybeihk54p2ryjn4exybxaeblyycnmx4xvkuhem6ovpuuxc5ifasbansm

# Eepy Plushmata JSON
bafybeihh3y3wqfyrdtie6zvqoqjv7poxf7djuj6z44xiyvoipehnj4egxu
# Eepy Plushmata Images
bafybeiefcinlx4eqzyxjbg3wvkfian3xsp25ot7qq2gympibobhdcrmxs4

# Verification Identimata JSON
bafybeidkteolhuexplzypxksxjbdebyme4krf2xgsqskti65levn5m7ype
# Verification Identimata Images
bafybeifna7dhcp5uzemvl7gzspv6kynfr2odzv3gqrtum72mnm2sinc24u